Title	Assignment 3 (lab 11) Draft
Due	Oct 5, 2016 11:55 pm
Please complete Labs 1-11 before attempting this assignment.


For maximum credit, follow the style_guide.pdf in "Resources", and show 
the output from running your code.

  Assignment 3 Lab 11

 

Use the builtin  chr function to make a  GiveAsciiChart function 
that returns a string that, when printed, is an ascii chart, four 
entries across. Only use the  ascii values from 32 to 126, inclusive
 

First make a solution that is as readable as possible.

 

Then write it a second time.  This time use a combination of  
str.join’s and list comprehensions, to produce as few lines as 
possible. Break the #1 Rule and don’t worry about readability.

 

Make an  Palindromize ( phrase) that returns the lowercase version 
of the phrase with whitespace and punctuation removed if the phrase 
is a palindrome. If not, it returns  None. A phrase is a palindrome 
if, after all the whitespace and punctuation is removed, and after 
it is made all the same case, it is the same backwards as forwards. 
Be sure your module is quiet on import.  Don't count phrases that 
have fewer than 3 characters.
 
 

My test data:

 

Data =

(’Murder for a jar of red rum’, 12321,

 

’nope’, ’abcbA’, 3443, ’what’,

 

’Never odd or even’, ’Rats live on no evil star’)


 

Place your hw11_2.py in a directory structure:
 

application

|

 

|

driver/

 

utils /

hw11_3.py

 

hw11_2.py


 

Import hw11_2.py into your hw11_3.py. 

Your hw11_3.py will ask for a starting directory name and will 
look for and report any words that are palindromes throughout the 
directory structure.

Your solution must contain the correct sys.path manipulation that 
only puts "application" on your import path.

------
Common Mistakes


ASCII chart:

Style guide violation.  I will return your submission with no further 
critiquing if it is hard for me to read.

Not using modulo for 4 wide, but doing an extra count instead
Extra stuff
Duplicate code
Redundant processing
No output

Palindrome:

Continuing to test characters after you already know it's
not a palindrome
Forgetting () on function call
Using len() in a loop (same function run over and over)
Using string.join rather than ".".join
Checking more than half way through the phrase
Architecture mistake, maybe str(phrase) outside the function
Using re
No output

Walk/Package

Not getting packaging right: __init__.py, '..' on sys.path
Changing sys.path for no purpose
Adding string to list without []
No output
Bad documentation
Not testing file contents
No try/except/finally
Not getting the finally correct
Too much in try clause
Checking if a file is a file
 

The following questions were asked by a student from previous class, and my response.

 

Q1. Is it expected to create program which returns the ascii chart 
with four entries such as "Dec", "Hex", "Oct" and "Chr" as in 
http://www.asciitable.com/?

Answer: No. The string returned by function GiveAsciiChart could 
show the entries horizontally (row by row). The following example 
illustrates the first three rows:

32:    33:!   34:"   35:#
36:$   37:%   38:&   39:'
40:(   41:)   42:*   43:+

It could also show the entries vertically (column by column). The 
following example illustrates the first three rows:

32:    56:8   80:P  104:h
33:!   57:9   81:Q  105:i
34:"   58::   82:R  106:j

If you do the first (horizontal) option, no extra counter or nested loop should be used.

Q2. It is expected to create the second version which returns the 
ascii chart with four entries across as in the first version , using str.join.  Is it correct?

Answer: For the second version, the function should return exactly the 
same string as shown above, but it has to be implemented using a 
combination of str.join’s and list comprehensions, to produce as few 
lines of code as possible. Break all the readability rules.  This is to 
show how unreadable code can make our life miserable.

 

